Overview:

The tetris program features 6 main classes.
1.	The first class is the App class that essentially calls the start method which creates an instance of the PaneOrganizer,
a scene, and gets the stage to show the scene consisting of one borderpane.
2.	The second class is the PaneOrganizer class which is the top level graphical class. Here, all the graphical elements
are created and set up, including the gamePane and the buttonPane as well as the various labels and buttons that sit upon the larger
graphical elements. Finally, an instance of the TetrisGame class is instantiated.
3.	The third class is the TetrisGame Class which is the top level logical class. It handles the majority of the interactions between
different classes. This is where the board, piece, and timeline are instantiated. It also handles a majority of the logic such as assigning
the graphical pieces a logical purpose, updating piece movement and key input, as well as maintaining the various actions for the timeline.
4.	The fourth class is the Board class which is made up of a 2D array of the Square class. It also contains a Boolean
2D array for movement called isFilled. Important methods here include the clearing of lines and determining the move validity
that serves as the basis for many piece movements.
5.	The fifth class is the piece class which is made up of a 1D array of the Square class. This class contains methods for the
random generation of pieces and various movements for translational and rotational movement.
6.	The sixth class is the Square class that forms the basis for the Board and piece. It is a wrapper class for the JavaFX
element, rectangle. By default, it creates a black square of certain size and location and can add/remove itself from the pane.

Another class to note is the Difficulty class, which is an enum consisting of Easy, Medium, and Hard.
This class includes two methods mainly for manipulating the timeline and scoring based on which difficulty is selected.

Design Choices:
Our program focused on delegating the work equally between classes. For example: although updating the board, resetting the board,
and clearing lines could be a logical task for the TetrisGame class, we chose to contain those methods within the board
to make sure that we would keep classes loosely coupled and so that our program would not be overrun with setters and getters
for random variables across classes or associating too many things with one class. This way, the work gets split evenly and allows
for a cleaner program.
In terms of wrapper classes, we used the square class which wraps the JavaFX element Rectangle so that we don’t need to get the individual
JavaFX element for each movement method. We also wrapped the array of squares for the board and the piece in a similar regarding movement and rotation.
For differentiating between spaces that are occupied and spaces that are not occupied, we used the isFilled Boolean array that is updated based on events
such as piece moving, rotating and clearing lines. The moveValidity is primarily the method used to check if movement is possible.
Our clearLines uses the idea of null squares and our isFilled Boolean array rather than clearing by color. We felt that this made
the most sense because logically the squares should be removed, rather than simply painted over. For clearing the full row, we removed the row graphically,
then logically set the value of the board in that row to null, and changed the isFilled value to false.
Then for updating the board, if a square was not null, we moved all the squares above the cleared line down graphically,
then logically in the array, changed the isFilled values for the squares above and set them to null,
and set the cleared line to be filled because a new squares has been moved down into it.

Known Bugs:

Debugging Collaborators:
None